There are over eight million species of
migratory birds that travel through San Andreas.
but every day hundreds of thousands of birds
are slaughtered by a not so silent predator.
Windmills
So-called environmentalists' desperate need to
destroy our state's indigenous oil industry,
will lead to noisy, nature killing windmills,
literally in your backyard!
At San Andreas Water and Power,
we're working with state and local
officials to make sure that windmills
and solar panels don't ruin our
pristine environment.
Let's keep the power on!
Nature, and in particular our
beautiful birds will thank you.
Nothing is more dangerous for a
bird than a slow moving windmill.
They, like any half sentient creature,
much prefer one hundred acre industrial
plants spewing out noxious chemicals.
Let's all work together to
preserve our environment.
San Andreas Water and Power.